[ServiceBus] Docstring and Changelog adjustment (#11166)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

    - Use `ServiceBusSender.schedule(messages, schedule_time_utc)` for scheduling messages.
    - Use `ServiceBusSender.cancel_scheduled_messages(sequence_numbers)` for scheduled messages cancellation.
* `ServiceBusSender.send()` can now send a list of messages in one call, if they fit into a single batch.  If they do not fit a `ValueError` is thrown.

> * `BatchMessage.add()` and `ServiceBusSender.send()` would raise `MessageContentTooLarge` if the content is over-sized.

Reviewer: We noted the valueError subclass below, but we yanked it here?

Author: Yes this is a change so put it in the change log. `send()` used to raise `MessageSendFailed` if content is over-sized.

Reviewer: Ah, I see how you're thinking about this now.  Sure, seems reasonable enough.

* `ServiceBusReceiver.receive()` raises `ValueError` if its param `max_batch_size` is greater than param `prefetch` of `ServiceBusClient`.
* Added exception classes `MessageError`, `MessageContentTooLarge`, `ServiceBusAuthenticationError`.

>    - `MessageError`: when you try to send a problematic message.

Reviewer: "problematic message" will leave readers wondering "such as?"  Providing some terse examples here would probably be helpful.

Author: Added a "such as"

   - `MessageContentTooLarge`: when you send an over-sized message. A subclass of `ValueError` and `MessageError`.

>    - `ServiceBusAuthenticationError`: fail to be authenticated by the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `ServiceBusAuthenticationError`: On failure to be authenticated by the service.
```

(If I'm being super nitpicky I'd change the others above to mirror this tense, but my primary goal was just to make this sentence a wee bit more structured)

Author: changed to "on failure".
